# INB1102 (1A)

## PC Specification

| Component | Spec                          |
|-----------|-------------------------------|
| CPU       | 11th Gen Core i5              |
| GPU       | NVidia RTX 3070 w/ 12GB GDDR5 | 
| RAM       | 16GB DDR4                     |
| SSD       | 1TB (SSD)                     |

## Capacity
1A has a capacity of 78 lab PCs, 4 iMacs, 11 BYOD monitors and 1 usable desk with no PC.

## Imaging
This lab is imaged using our master machines and CloneZilla, as detailed in the Lab Imaging section.

## AV
The AV in 1A needs to be checked before 9am every day.

There is an Extron controller that turns on/off both projectors in 1A. (The right side projector currently doesn't turn
on from the controller, only from a remote control.)

There are two inputs, PC and Laptop. PC displays the Lectern PC, and Laptop connects to the HDMI port in the lectern
itself.

Sometimes the laptop input refuses to display anything, in which case the AV unit needs to be turned off and on again.
(We're not supposed to do this ourselves, so details won't be included in this document, but a senior technician will
show you how to do this.)

More details on how to check the lab AV can be found in the Lab AV document.

### Combined Mode

* **This can only be done by a technician or DT, so if you catch academics doing this tell them they need to contact us to
  switch the AV into/out of combined mode.**

* It is possible to combine the projectors in 1A and 1B to display the same input. This is useful when the wall between
  the labs is open.

* Open the AV cabinet in the 1A lectern, and you will see two AV switches with glowing numbers. The top switch is 1A, and
  the bottom switch is 1B.

* On the top switch, **number 3** is the input for the 1A lectern PC, and **number 7** is the laptop input.

* On the bottom switch, **number 7** is the local input in 1B, and **number 3** simply copies whatever is being displayed in 1A,
  whether that be a laptop or the lectern PC.

* The rest of the numbers do not do anything. Only 3 and 7 matter.

* When you swap inputs on the Extron controller you will see these numbers change, but you can also press the buttons on
  the AV switch to change inputs manually.

* To put the lab into combined mode, simply press the number 3 button on the bottom switch. The projector in 1B will now
  display whatever is being displayed in 1A, whether that be the lectern PC or a laptop.

* To set 1B back to displaying its local input, press number 7 on the bottom switch.

* Hopefully by the time a new technician is reading this, DT have created a better solution for this using the Extron
  controllers.

* **We aren't meant to do this, but there is currently no other solution.**

### PC Checks
All the PCs in this room also need checking before 9am, especially if there is an exam that day. You must turn them
all on, either manually or via Deep Freeze, and ensure that they all boot and display the lock screen.

## Unique Features

### Splashtop
A large portion of our Splashtop remote lab is set up in 1A, on the wall with the projectors. These PCs run the normal
lab image, with REFIND set to the desired OS and the splashtop client installed.

### Wall to INB1301 (Lab 1B)
The wall between 1A and 1B can be opened/closed using the key kept in INB1201. This allows the labs to be combined into
one big lab. We do this frequently for exams and modules with a large number of students.

Generally we only close the wall when there is a session run specifically in INB1301.