# INB1301 - Lab 1B

INB1301, most frequently referred to as Lab 1B, is our secondary lab on the first floor. Teaching for many different Computer Science
and Games Computing modules takes place here.

## General Lab Information

### Capacity
1B has a capacity of 48 lab PCs, and 4 extra PCs at the front of the room.

### Imaging
This lab is imaged using our master machines and CloneZilla, as detailed in the Lab Imaging section.

### AV
The AV in 1B needs to be checked before 9am every day.

There is an Extron controller by the lectern which can turn on/off the projector, but there is only one input called
'Laptop'. Despite it saying laptop, it is used to display the lectern PC. An HDMI cable runs from the PC under the desk
to the HDMI port in the wall. 

When an academic wishes to use a laptop, they should unplug the HDMI cable from the wall, 
and connect their laptop using a secondary cable which we provide, and should be lef ton the desk.

The projector in 1B can be combined to display the PC/Laptop connected to the controller in 1A, but this can only be
done from the 1A side. More details on this can be found in the 1A documentation.

More details on how to check the lab AV can be found in the Lab AV section.

### PC Checks
All of the PCs in this room also need checking before 9am, especially if there is an exam that day. You must turn them
all on, either manually or via Deep Freeze, and ensure that they all boot and display the lock screen.

## Unique Features

### Gaming Consoles and PCs
There are 4 PCs at the front of the room connected to TVs, alongside a PS5 and Xbox One X. The idea behind this is to
allow the demonstration of games on the TVs. They are also often used for Computer Science Society events where they
are used recreationally.

### Wall to INB1102
The wall between 1A and 1B can be opened/closed using the key kept in INB1201. This allows the labs to be combined into
one big lab. We do this frequently for exams and modules with a large number of students.

Generally, we only close the wall when there is a session run specifically in INB1301.