# INB1101 (1C)

## PC Specification

| Component | Spec                          |
|-----------|-------------------------------|
| CPU       | 11th Gen Core i5              |
| GPU       | NVidia RTX 3070 w/ 12GB GDDR5 |
| RAM       | 16GB DDR4                     |
| SSD       | 1TB (NVMe)                    |

## Capacity
1C has a capacity of 28 lab PCs.

## Imaging
This lab is imaged using our master machines and CloneZilla, as detailed in the Lab Imaging section.

## AV
The AV in 1C needs to be checked before 9am every day.

There is no Extron AV controller in this room, just an HDMI port in the wall and a remote controller for the projector.

Academics frequently unplug the HDMI cable from the lectern PC to use with their laptops and don't plug it back into the
pc, so make sure it is plugged into the PC when doing AV checks.

More details on how to check the lab AV can be found in the Lab AV section.

## PC Checks
Ensure that all PCs turn on and boot before 9am every day.

For some reason, students unplug the HDMI from the PC to use the monitor with their laptops in 1C way more than in other
labs. They often don't put it back into the PC, or plug it into the motherboard instead of the GPU. When doing morning
checks, if there is no display when turning on the PC this is very likely the issue.

## Unique Features

### Robotics Storage
A number of different robots are stored in 1C, including the LIMO robots currently used for teaching. There are stored
in the tambours, the keys for which have a red tag on them and are kept in the lock box in INB1201.

The day before the workshop for a module that uses the LIMOs, they should all be checked and charged, but not left
overnight.