# INB2102 - Lab 2B

INB2102 is our main computing lab on the second floor. It is usually used less than the other labs, but has some unique
features making it the primary lab for networks, cyber, and cloud teaching.

## General Lab Information

### Capacity
2B has a capacity of 56 lab PCs.

### Imaging
This lab is imaged using our master machines and CloneZilla, as detailed in the Lab Imaging section.

### AV
The AV in 2B needs to be checked before 9am every day.

There is an Extron controller by the lectern which can turn on/off the projector. This is one of the newer touch screen
controllers and generally works with no issues.

More details on how to check the lab AV can be found in the Lab AV section.

### PC Checks
All of the PCs in this room also need checking before 9am, especially if there is an exam that day. You must turn them
all on, either manually or via Deep Freeze, and ensure that they all boot and display the lock screen.

## Unique Features

### Cisco Networking Equipment
There are 4 racks at the back of 2B which contain Cisco equipment used for CCNA teaching. Each rack contains 2 switches,
2 routers, and a firewall. Model numbers and more specific details can be seen on snipe.

### Additional Ethernet Patching
As well as the network ports which connect the Lab PCs to the university network, there is patching which connects
extra network ports underneath the desks to patch panels in the network cabinets at the back of the room.

### Additional PCs Under Desk
Alongside the lab PCs on the desk, there is another PC underneath the desk. The idea is that these PCs connect through
the additional patching to the cabs at the back of the room to create an isolated network, but currently it doesn't get
used. The display can be swapped between the Lab PC and under-desk PC using a KVM switch, though most are broken and the
PCs don't actually have an image on them.